the past isn't dead
james fate draws us back together
now your enemy is my enemy
his name is saffin and what does he want
revenge me when our secret finds its way
out
it'll be the death of you
you can imagine why i've come back to
play
there's a young lady in santiago i want
you to meet you're late
when you're ready
salute i met your new double o
she's a disarming young woman i get why
you shot him
yeah well everyone tries at least once
james bond
we both eradicate people
to make the world a better place i just
want to be a little
tidier
come on bond where the hell are you
harder to tell the good from bad
villains from heroes these days
[Music]
if we don't do this
there will be nothing left to say
[Music]
ladies and gentlemen robin williams
what's your brain doing when ten
thousand people are laughing their heads
off
i'm not a tuna the human brain is you
know an extraordinary three and a half
pound gland
the moment you think you understand it
it comes out with something else
the breaking news actor robin williams
is dead at the age of 63.
they believe that the bay area resident
committed suicide
there was a lot of media speculation
on robin williams mind before his death
money he's broker he's depressed or he's
just given up
the last movie was clear to all of us on
that set that
something was going on with robin there
was something eroding within him
i was called in to go over the coroner's
report it was the beginning of
understanding
what had really gone on
my husband had unknowingly been battling
a deadly disease
louis body dementia is devastating
illness
increases anxiety self-doubt causes
delusions that have never been present
in someone
[Music]
nearly every region of his brain was
under attack he experienced himself
disintegrating
i remember him saying to me i don't know
what's going on i'm not me anymore
it really amazed me that robin could
walk or move at all
people who are incredibly brilliant can
tolerate degenerative diseases better
robin williams was a genius
he was always able to power through it
and he'd become this guy
that you knew remembered and loved
the way that he was able to battle the
inner turmoils
he was a freaking warrior it no longer
feels loyal
to be silent about it but maybe more
loyal to share
he was blessed with what his heart was
capable of
in the midst of fear he wanted to
help people be less afraid self goes
away
ego bye bye the thing that matters
or others that's what life is about
[Music]
y'all uh getting ready for the party
here what'd you say i just i just feel
like getting ready
yeah you're just calling uber are you
coming um i'm not sure yet i'm not sure
yet
why is going so hard oh i love college
so much i feel like i'm just like
floating is ouch you're in trouble
aren't you
i'm trouble you okay yeah
i'm just not feeling well and it's super
frustrating
am i not allowed to sleep here no you
can am i like keeping you up oh no no i
wasn't
i wasn't sleeping do you want to like go
hang out
yeah yeah i'd love to
so you're a sophomore right yeah did you
have a tough first year
what do you mean like adjusting can i
tell you a secret
i have zero friends like you could say
my roommate is a friend sam we need to
get up there i didn't do
nothing we dropped a deuce in our room
but
we hate each other and aren't friends
they have a final tomorrow do you want
to work together which final history
the 18th century paint
hey hey
[Music]
sorry do you mind if i just get past you
oh my god you sent her so many messages
hey what's going on hey
see you all right are you sure that that
was um the girl
yeah just seems like she didn't know
that you existed
why do you want to just go back to what
you were doing did you think we were
gonna date
because of one night tonight
we're making new friends let's get
outside the comfort zone maggie is
outside of my comfort zone though
what i've realized is that i haven't
fully been here college
is the most selfish time in your life
the agenda here is not to learn how to
be
a great friend what is the agenda figure
out who you are
figuring out you are separate from other
people
[Music]
oh my god if you are so bad at pitching
love that's the dream
right
hey i'm lucy
i just want to know everything about you
now today
in this moment where we're both
meant to be
[Music]
it's like you're from a fairy tale like
i've jammed you
up and adam so we planned for you to
meet her she suggested this amazing thai
place
devin it's been way over an hour maybe
something happened to her
this is it
[Music]
she's what do you want me to say
you're sick you know that you're sick
hey devin
she is real she's as real as you and i
and if she isn't then
i'll rip a girl like her she's smart
funny shall we thank you
i didn't make her up no you didn't what
do they think you wrote the note
yourself
beat me in sydney what are you waiting
for kid
he's trying to find her who
i'll see you soon
she saved my life to survive this world
surrender to the chaos
[Music]
come on come on come on please
you have to try and get better where's
my brother where's nikki
have you ever thought about what it's
like for me you know i understand no one
understands
embrace your destiny
have you ever loved somebody like really
loved them
[Music]
you're gloria steinem gloria gloria
gloria gloria
i am i want to write about the women's
movement what movement
perfume jobs actually require a penis or
vagina
well all the magazine people said don't
do a lesbian story in the first issue
so i feel like we need to do a lesbian
story gloria steinem should rot in hell
i can't associate yourself with those
crazy women i am one of those crazy
winners
can we change the world yes it is
how'd you get the name mankiller i
earned it you earned it
we gotta stop sucking and begin to buy
it
[Applause]
this is the year of women's liberation
if you avoid conflict my dolly conflict
will seek you out
the truth will set you free
but first it will piss you off
[Music]
and we'll do it a thousand
queen
[Music]
foreign
hi
you have such beautiful daughters thank
you like mother
like daughters
[Music]
can i get seated anymore
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
still no sequel anywhere it's just one
straight road
from what i can remember
i'm going to make this flight i hope so
[Music]
the only thing standing between you and
your dreams
is you and your dreams
lord father god we give thanks and
praise for all these wonderful gifts
thank you lord thank you and look
it's working pool sanitation lord it is
really something
else
tanner it's time for us to do something
with our lives
time to go to church the attendance of
the church has been slowly declining
we need 75 grand just to make the rest
of these right
okay i got an idea faith-based the
entire genre is a gold mine i want to
make the best christian movie jesus has
ever seen
it's time to show my dad what we can do
dude
it seems like a lot of work nikki steele
says you work hard
you play hard you work harder you play
harder
you work hardest you play rock hard i
mean
for these movies to make money you need
some keywords in the title
purpose faith prayer heaven you know
thoughts and prayers the movie
prayer and prejudice faith and furious
[Laughter]
a prayer in space the first prayer ever
to be prayed in space
gotta talk about god it doesn't have to
be god god you can talk about a higher
power so then it's like
the spaceship lands perfectly on mars
action space monster
what the h double hockey sticks is this
why do all these christian movies have
to be bad they don't have to be bad
they just don't have to be good
lord save me from these space monsters
christian movies are a great way to
impact the world
and they're also very lucrative
what do you two even know about making a
[Music]
move
all you early risers day creatures new
lizards people of the sun
be careful out there sunburn cut off at
7 22 p.m and toxic level drop-off is
805.
the big heat up happened it created this
desperate need for augmented day workers
and human cloning was born
do you ever go out there look at the sun
with your own eyes just take your
lithium x like everybody else
what is it that you feel you have failed
with
you're on premium three when you're dead
you'll be eligible for a total upgrade
i wouldn't want to live without you okay
is that such a bad thought
you can tailor your insurance spouse so
that maybe they come back to you
just perfectly there's nothing to do
baby it's already been done
down or it's gonna be very messy
why this is like i'm the only one that
feels this way
we're all connected are you afraid to
die
i don't feel any pain actually i i don't
feel anything at all
imagine yourself feeling better looking
better did you not think it was
dangerous
playing god like that
one person can set something in motion
and the rest of the world is never the
same again
[Music]
my mom used to play the radio while i
fell asleep
usually she'd turn it off once i conked
out but uh
sometimes you forget
just felt like i was getting away with
something
what kind of diseases those things are
carrying
are you sure you're not seeing anything
amy
anything that's not really there's amy
look at me hey it's just one of those
nights there's
never been a night like this one
losing it amy everyone is saying so
[Music]
it's all you amy i promise strange thing
your last day
and anything really everything's the
same
until it's not
[Music]
you